.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH "BTMAKETORRENTGUI" 1 "Sep 3 2004"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
btmaketorrentgui \- program to generate torrent info files for bittorrent
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B btmaketorrentgui 
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBbtmaketorrentgui\fP
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBbtmaketorrentgui\fP is a GUI interface to btmakemetafile, it generates 
the torrent info files which are distributed to bittorrent clients 
(usually via the WWW) in order to inform them where the designated tracker 
for the torrent is located, and to allow them to verify the file's contents.
.PP
\fBbtmaketorrentgui\fP does not require arguments like btmakemetafiles does,
everything is done in the GUI interface. The first box in the GUI is the
file that the torrent info file will be generated for, the second is the
"announce" address of a tracker (ex. http://my.tracker:6969/announce). The
third box is for a list of announces, separated by commas or whitespace and on
several lines, this is not required. Additionally, you can set a piece size
or an optional comment.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bittorrent-downloader (1),
.BR btrename (1),
.BR btreannounce (1),
.BR bttrack (1).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Micah Anderson <micah@riseup.net> and was
based on the manual page for btmakemetafile written for the bittorrent package
by Michael Janssen <jamuraa@debian.org> for the Debian GNU/Linux system 
(but may be used by others).
